now today's task is
Method overriding
1. What is method overriding
2. Rules
3. There are few cases in method overriding like in case of exception handling, in case of different (covariant return type) ese krke kch 8-10 cases h
4. Where to use method overriding, and how to use method overriding concept

Overriding in java:

Overriding is a feature that allows a subclass or a child class to provide a specific implementation of a method that is provided by one of it's super classes. 

When method has same name, same parameters/signature, same return type as that of the parent class method, it is an overridden method. 

Method overriding - to achieve run time polymorphism.

Animal a = new Tiger();
a.move();

Here, the type of animal is Tiger. Therefore, the method move() defined in the Tiger class will be invoked.

Rules for method overriding:

The access modifier for an overriding method, can allow more access but not less than the overridden method. ie. a protected method when overridden can me made public but not private.

Rules for Overriding methods:

1. Overriding and  access modifiers: When a method is being overridden, the overridden method is cannot allow less access rather, should have more access or equal.

2. Final methods cannot be overridden.
3. Static methods cannot be overridden. When you define a static method with same signature as in the base class, it is called data hiding.
4. Private methods cannot be overridden in the sub classes.
5. Overriding methods must have same return types or subtypes ie. covariant return types.
6. Invoking overridden method from subclass: by using super.method() in the sub class overridden method.
7. Overriding and constructor: We can never override constructor as the constructors of base class and the sub class can never have same name.
8. Overriding and exception handling:
	Rule #1: If super class method does not throw exception, then the sub class overriding method can only throw unchecked exception and cannot throw checked exception.
	Rule #2: If the parent class's overridden method throws Exception, then the sub class method can only throw the same or sub class exception. Throwing a parent exception will give compile time 	error.
	
9. Overriding and Abstract methods: Abstract methods are meant to be overridden in the concrete classes. 
10. Overriding and synchronized/strictfp methods: The presence of strictfp/synchronized modifiers with method have no effect on overriding. A strictfp method can override a non strictfp method and vice versa.




